Fantasy Football: In-Season Accuracy Methodology | FantasyPros Skip Navigation to Main Content --> Fantasy Football: In-Season Accuracy Methodology Below is a breakdown of our process for determining our In-Season (weekly) Accuracy results. Please note that we also run a separate analysis that evaluates the accuracy of the experts&#8217; Draft (preseason) rankings . Step 1: Collect the right data Our analysis aims to determine who provides the most accurate weekly rankings using Half PPR scoring settings . We take a snapshot of every expert&#8217;s rankings at the start of the Thursday Night game each week and also at the beginning of the 1 p.m. EST games on Sunday. Players from the Thursday Night game are locked at their rank spots, so experts cannot change their rankings after the game has begun. Once the week concludes on Monday night, we score the predictions and incorporate the results into our Year-to-Date leaderboard that spans the full 17 weeks of the fantasy season. In 2024, we had more than 150 experts in the competition. Step 2: Determine the player pool For each position, we evaluate relevant players as determined by our Expert Consensus Rankings (ECR) and the week&#8217;s actual fantasy leaders. This ensures that our player pool covers everyone who was fantasy-relevant in a given week, including the players who were surprise studs and busts. In other words, if a player unexpectedly becomes a difference-maker, he will be part of our player pool since we make sure to include all key performers. On the flip side, because we also use our consensus ranks to create the player pool, anyone who surprisingly disappoints (e.g. Travis Etienne) will also be evaluated. We currently grade experts based on the set of players below. For example, at Running Back, we look at the Top 40 RBs in ECR and the Top 40 RBs based on Actual Fantasy Points. An important thing to note is this means we evaluate each expert on MORE than 40 total RBs since some of the Top 40 RBs based on actual production would not have been in the bucket for the Top 40 in ECR. Quarterbacks Top 20 in ECR Top 20 in Actual Points Running Backs Top 40 in ECR Top 40 in Actual Points Wide Receivers Top 50 in ECR Top 50 Actual Poin